Movie Night
===========
http://its-movie-night.herokuapp.com/


Movie Night is a social movie discovery and event planning app. Users can create accounts, put in a date and a zip code and chose from a list of movies playing in a five mile radius. This will bring you to a page with a description of the movie and a list of showtimes on the date you chose. Clicking a showtime will bring you to the event create page where you can give your event a title and a description.

Once your event is created, other users will be able to see and join it when they click "Browse Movie Nights."

Installation
--------------
Designed as a Ruby on Rails app, Movie Night takes advantage of the [TMS] API for local movie data which is used to create events. You will have to obtain your own key. To get started, clone the repo and run:

```sh
$ rake db:create
```
to create the database, and then:
```sh
$ bundle
```
and then migrate the database:
```sh
$ rake db:migrate
```

As long as you have obtained a [TMS] API key and added it to the initializer you should be ready to go.

##Notes
This project was scoped and implemented in one week as my first project for [General Assembly]'s [Web Development Immersive] program. I keep a list of features I would like to eventually implement and look forward to coming back to and improving this project.

[TMS]:http://developer.tmsapi.com/io-docs
[General Assembly]:https://generalassemb.ly/
[Web Development Immersive]:https://generalassemb.ly/education/web-development-immersive
